WIP: Add governance.md (#3)
catalyst-network/Community: governance/playbooks/responses/how-it-works.md

Open source is largely volunteer-driven and collaborative. Because of this, time and energy to get things done are often the scarcest resources. We want Electron to be the best that it can be, but we also have to be realistic about what the team maintaining Electron can achieve. This means that:

* We might not have an ETA for when an issue will get investigated or fixed.
* Something you want implemented might not get implemented.
* A change you want merged might not get merged.

> * Insisting on or making demands for any of the above is considered against [the Electron Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Insisting on or making demands for any of the above is considered against [the Catalyst Network Code of Conduct](https://github.com/catalyst-network/Community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```
